feat(eslint-plugin): add rule call-super-on-override (#5848)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/call-super-on-override.md

---
description: 'Require overridden methods to call super.method in their body.'
---

> 🛑 This file is source code, not the primary documentation location! 🛑
>
> See **https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/call-super-on-override** for documentation.

> This rule enforces that overridden methods are calling exact super method to avoid missing super class method implementations.

Reviewer: [Docs] A little more clear, I think?

```suggestion
This rule enforces that overridden methods call their corresponding `super` method.
Doing so can be useful in architectures where base class methods are meant to always be called by child classes.
```

## Rule Details

Examples of code for this rule:

### ❌ Incorrect

```ts
class Foo1 {
  bar(param: any): void {}
}

class Foo2 extends Foo1 {
  override bar(param: any): void {}
}
```

### ✅ Correct

```ts
class Foo1 {
  bar(param: any): void {}
}

class Foo2 extends Foo1 {
  override bar(param: any): void {
    super.bar(param);
  }
}
```

## When Not To Use It

> When you are using TypeScript < 4.3 or you did not set `noImplicitOverride: true` in `CompilerOptions`

Reviewer: A lot of consumers don't use `noImplicitOverride`. I think we'll still want the rule to be able to work for them... which means it'll have to use [rule type checking](https://typescript-eslint.io/custom-rules#type-checking) when there isn't an `override` operator on a method.

Roughly, that means:

1. Grabbing the type of the extended class
2. Checking whether it has a method / function property under the same name

Reviewer: Let's keep conversations threaded, please, so it's easier to have multiple at a time & mark them as open or resolved.

As to _how_ to grab the type of the extended class: you'll need to use the type checker. Have you read our resources on doing that?
* https://typescript-eslint.io/blog/asts-and-typescript-eslint
* https://sourcegraph.com/notebooks/Tm90ZWJvb2s6MTA2OA==
* https://typescript-eslint.io/custom-rules#typed-rules
